Add migration guides and package READMEs (#338)
salsify/ember-css-modules: packages/rollup-plugin-preprocess-css-modules/README.md

# `rollup-plugin-preprocess-css-modules`

A Rollup plugin that preprocesses [CSS Modules](https://github.com/css-modules/css-modules) at build time, replacing `.module.css` imports with plain CSS and a static JS mapping object.

> This is primarily useful for **v2 Ember addons** that want to use CSS Modules as an internal implementation detail while publishing standard CSS that doesn't require CSS Module support from consuming apps.

Reviewer: Everything else in this repo is Ember-specific, but in principle this plugin could be used in a Rollup (or Vite library mode or whatever) publish step for non-Ember packages as well

```suggestion
This is primarily useful for component libraries that want to use CSS Modules as an internal implementation detail while publishing standard CSS that doesn't require CSS Module support from consuming apps.
```

Author: Definitely!
